{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Segoe UI;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li0\ri0\fi0\f1\fs22
{\f1\fs22 1.\tab Alqahtani JS, Oyelade T, Aldhahir AM, et al. Prevalence, Severity and Mortality associated with COPD and Smoking in patients with COVID-19: A Rapid Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS One}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 15}{\f1\fs22 (5): e0233147.\par }
{\f1\fs22 2.\tab Brenner EJ, Ungaro RC, Gearry RB, et al. Corticosteroids, But Not TNF Antagonists, Are Associated With Adverse COVID-19 Outcomes in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Diseases: Results From an International Registry. }{\f1\fs22\i Gastroenterology}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 159}{\f1\fs22 (2): 481-91.e3.\par }
{\f1\fs22 3.\tab Chen R, Liang W, Jiang M, et al. Risk Factors of Fatal Outcome in Hospitalized Subjects With Coronavirus Disease 2019\u160?From a Nationwide Analysis in China. }{\f1\fs22\i Chest}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 158}{\f1\fs22 (1): 97-105.\par }
{\f1\fs22 4.\tab Del Sole F, Farcomeni A, Loffredo L, et al. Features of severe COVID-19: A systematic review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Eur J Clin Invest}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 50}{\f1\fs22 (10): e13378.\par }
{\f1\fs22 5.\tab Ellington S, Strid P, Tong VT, et al. Characteristics of Women of Reproductive Age with Laboratory-Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 Infection by Pregnancy Status - United States, January 22-June 7, 2020. }{\f1\fs22\i MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 69}{\f1\fs22 (25): 769-75.\par }
{\f1\fs22 6.\tab Fadini GP, Morieri ML, Boscari F, et al. Newly-diagnosed diabetes and admission hyperglycemia predict COVID-19 severity by aggravating respiratory deterioration. }{\f1\fs22\i Diabetes Res Clin Pract}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 168}{\f1\fs22 : 108374.\par }
{\f1\fs22 7.\tab Fisman DN, Bogoch I, Lapointe-Shaw L, McCready J, Tuite AR. Risk Factors Associated With Mortality Among Residents With Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) in Long-term Care Facilities in Ontario, Canada. }{\f1\fs22\i JAMA Netw Open}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 3}{\f1\fs22 (7): e2015957.\par }
{\f1\fs22 8.\tab F\u246?ldi M, Farkas N, Kiss S, et al. Obesity is a risk factor for developing critical condition in COVID-19 patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Obes Rev}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 21}{\f1\fs22 (10): e13095.\par }
{\f1\fs22 9.\tab Gottlieb M, Sansom S, Frankenberger C, Ward E, Hota B. Clinical Course and Factors Associated With Hospitalization and Critical Illness Among COVID-19 Patients in Chicago, Illinois. }{\f1\fs22\i Acad Emerg Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 27}{\f1\fs22 (10): 963-73.\par }
{\f1\fs22 10.\tab Guan WJ, Liang WH, Zhao Y, et al. Comorbidity and its impact on 1590 patients with COVID-19 in China: a nationwide analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Eur Respir J}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 55}{\f1\fs22 (5).\par }
{\f1\fs22 11.\tab Hamer M, Gale CR, Kivim\u228?ki M, Batty GD. Overweight, obesity, and risk of hospitalization for COVID-19: A community-based cohort study of adults in the United Kingdom. }{\f1\fs22\i Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 117}{\f1\fs22 (35): 21011-3.\par }
{\f1\fs22 12.\tab Iaccarino G, Grassi G, Borghi C, et al. Gender differences in predictors of intensive care units admission among COVID-19 patients: The results of the SARS-RAS study of the Italian Society of Hypertension. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS One}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 15}{\f1\fs22 (10): e0237297.\par }
{\f1\fs22 13.\tab Ji W, Huh K, Kang M, et al. Effect of Underlying Comorbidities on the Infection and Severity of COVID-19 in Korea: a Nationwide Case-Control Study. }{\f1\fs22\i J Korean Med Sci}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 35}{\f1\fs22 (25): e237.\par }
{\f1\fs22 14.\tab Killerby ME, Link-Gelles R, Haight SC, et al. Characteristics Associated with Hospitalization Among Patients with COVID-19 - Metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia, March-April 2020. }{\f1\fs22\i MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 69}{\f1\fs22 (25): 790-4.\par }
{\f1\fs22 15.\tab Kim DW, Byeon KH, Kim J, Cho KD, Lee N. The Correlation of Comorbidities on the Mortality in Patients with COVID-19: an Observational Study Based on the Korean National Health Insurance Big Data. }{\f1\fs22\i J Korean Med Sci}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 35}{\f1\fs22 (26): e243.\par }
{\f1\fs22 16.\tab Kolhe NV, Fluck RJ, Selby NM, Taal MW. Acute kidney injury associated with COVID-19: A retrospective cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 17}{\f1\fs22 (10): e1003406.\par }
{\f1\fs22 17.\tab Kuderer NM, Choueiri TK, Shah DP, et al. Clinical impact of COVID-19 on patients with cancer (CCC19): a cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i Lancet}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 395}{\f1\fs22 (10241): 1907-18.\par }
{\f1\fs22 18.\tab Lee LY, Cazier JB, Angelis V, et al. COVID-19 mortality in patients with cancer on chemotherapy or other anticancer treatments: a prospective cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i Lancet}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 395}{\f1\fs22 (10241): 1919-26.\par }
{\f1\fs22 19.\tab Lee SW, Yang JM, Moon SY, et al. Association between mental illness and COVID-19 susceptibility and clinical outcomes in South Korea: a nationwide cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i Lancet Psychiatry}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 7}{\f1\fs22 (12): 1025-31.\par }
{\f1\fs22 20.\tab Lighter J, Phillips M, Hochman S, et al. Obesity in Patients Younger Than 60 Years Is a Risk Factor for COVID-19 Hospital Admission. }{\f1\fs22\i Clin Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 71}{\f1\fs22 (15): 896-7.\par }
{\f1\fs22 21.\tab Liu N, Sun J, Wang X, Zhao M, Huang Q, Li H. The Impact of Dementia on the Clinical Outcome of COVID-19: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i J Alzheimers Dis}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 78}{\f1\fs22 (4): 1775-82.\par }
{\f1\fs22 22.\tab Martins-Filho PR, Tavares CSS, Santos VS. Factors associated with mortality in patients with COVID-19. A quantitative evidence synthesis of clinical and laboratory data. }{\f1\fs22\i Eur J Intern Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 76}{\f1\fs22 : 97-9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 23.\tab Matsushita K, Ding N, Kou M, et al. The Relationship of COVID-19 Severity with Cardiovascular Disease and Its Traditional Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Glob Heart}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 15}{\f1\fs22 (1): 64.\par }
{\f1\fs22 24.\tab McKeigue PM, Weir A, Bishop J, et al. Rapid Epidemiological Analysis of Comorbidities and Treatments as risk factors for COVID-19 in Scotland (REACT-SCOT): A population-based case-control study. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 17}{\f1\fs22 (10): e1003374.\par }
{\f1\fs22 25.\tab Nakeshbandi M, Maini R, Daniel P, et al. The impact of obesity on COVID-19 complications: a retrospective cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i Int J Obes (Lond)}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 44}{\f1\fs22 (9): 1832-7.\par }
{\f1\fs22 26.\tab Ng JH, Hirsch JS, Wanchoo R, et al. Outcomes of patients with end-stage kidney disease hospitalized with COVID-19. }{\f1\fs22\i Kidney Int}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 98}{\f1\fs22 (6): 1530-9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 27.\tab Oetjens MT, Luo JZ, Chang A, et al. Electronic health record analysis identifies kidney disease as the leading risk factor for hospitalization in confirmed COVID-19 patients. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS One}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 15}{\f1\fs22 (11): e0242182.\par }
{\f1\fs22 28.\tab Omrani AS, Almaslamani MA, Daghfal J, et al. The first consecutive 5000 patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 from Qatar; a nation-wide cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i BMC Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 20}{\f1\fs22 (1): 777.\par }
{\f1\fs22 29.\tab Palaiodimos L, Kokkinidis DG, Li W, et al. Severe obesity, increasing age and male sex are independently associated with worse in-hospital outcomes, and higher in-hospital mortality, in a cohort of patients with COVID-19 in the Bronx, New York. }{\f1\fs22\i Metabolism}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 108}{\f1\fs22 : 154262.\par }
{\f1\fs22 30.\tab Parra-Bracamonte GM, Lopez-Villalobos N, Parra-Bracamonte FE. Clinical characteristics and risk factors for mortality of patients with COVID-19 in a large data set from Mexico. }{\f1\fs22\i Ann Epidemiol}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 52}{\f1\fs22 : 93-8.e2.\par }
{\f1\fs22 31.\tab Petrilli CM, Jones SA, Yang J, et al. Factors associated with hospital admission and critical illness among 5279 people with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City: prospective cohort study. }{\f1\fs22\i Bmj}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 369}{\f1\fs22 : m1966.\par }
{\f1\fs22 32.\tab Pranata R, Lim MA, Huang I, Raharjo SB, Lukito AA. Hypertension is associated with increased mortality and severity of disease in COVID-19 pneumonia: A systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression. }{\f1\fs22\i J Renin Angiotensin Aldosterone Syst}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 21}{\f1\fs22 (2): 1470320320926899.\par }
{\f1\fs22 33.\tab Reilev M, Kristensen KB, Potteg\u229?rd A, et al. Characteristics and predictors of hospitalization and death in the first 11\u160?122 cases with a positive RT-PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 in Denmark: a nationwide cohort. }{\f1\fs22\i Int J Epidemiol}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 49}{\f1\fs22 (5): 1468-81.\par }
{\f1\fs22 34.\tab Robilotti EV, Babady NE, Mead PA, et al. Determinants of COVID-19 disease severity in patients with cancer. }{\f1\fs22\i Nat Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 26}{\f1\fs22 (8): 1218-23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 35.\tab Rosenthal N, Cao Z, Gundrum J, Sianis J, Safo S. Risk Factors Associated With In-Hospital Mortality in a US National Sample of Patients With COVID-19. }{\f1\fs22\i JAMA Netw Open}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 3}{\f1\fs22 (12): e2029058.\par }
{\f1\fs22 36.\tab Sanchez-Ramirez DC, Mackey D. Underlying respiratory diseases, specifically COPD, and smoking are associated with severe COVID-19 outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Respir Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 171}{\f1\fs22 : 106096.\par }
{\f1\fs22 37.\tab Simonnet A, Chetboun M, Poissy J, et al. High Prevalence of Obesity in Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) Requiring Invasive Mechanical Ventilation. }{\f1\fs22\i Obesity (Silver Spring)}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 28}{\f1\fs22 (7): 1195-9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 38.\tab Soares RCM, Mattos LR, Raposo LM. Risk Factors for Hospitalization and Mortality due to COVID-19 in Esp\u237?rito Santo State, Brazil. }{\f1\fs22\i Am J Trop Med Hyg}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 103}{\f1\fs22 (3): 1184-90.\par }
{\f1\fs22 39.\tab Ssentongo P, Ssentongo AE, Heilbrunn ES, Ba DM, Chinchilli VM. Association of cardiovascular disease and 10 other pre-existing comorbidities with COVID-19 mortality: A systematic review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i PLoS One}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 15}{\f1\fs22 (8): e0238215.\par }
{\f1\fs22 40.\tab Tartof SY, Qian L, Hong V, et al. Obesity and Mortality Among Patients Diagnosed With COVID-19: Results From an Integrated Health Care Organization. }{\f1\fs22\i Ann Intern Med}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 173}{\f1\fs22 (10): 773-81.\par }
{\f1\fs22 41.\tab Williamson EJ, Walker AJ, Bhaskaran K, et al. Factors associated with COVID-19-related death using OpenSAFELY. }{\f1\fs22\i Nature}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 584}{\f1\fs22 (7821): 430-6.\par }
{\f1\fs22 42.\tab Zambrano LD, Ellington S, Strid P, et al. Update: Characteristics of Symptomatic Women of Reproductive Age with Laboratory-Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 Infection by Pregnancy Status - United States, January 22-October 3, 2020. }{\f1\fs22\i MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 69}{\f1\fs22 (44): 1641-7.\par }
{\f1\fs22 43.\tab Zhang H, Wang L, Chen Y, et al. Outcomes of novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection in 107 patients with cancer from Wuhan, China. }{\f1\fs22\i Cancer}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 126}{\f1\fs22 (17): 4023-31.\par }
{\f1\fs22 44.\tab Zhang J, Wu J, Sun X, et al. Association of hypertension with the severity and fatality of SARS-CoV-2 infection: A meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i Epidemiol Infect}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 148}{\f1\fs22 : e106.\par }
{\f1\fs22 45.\tab Zheng Z, Peng F, Xu B, et al. Risk factors of critical & mortal COVID-19 cases: A systematic literature review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i J Infect}{\f1\fs22  2020; }{\f1\fs22\b 81}{\f1\fs22 (2): e16-e25.\par }
{\f1\fs22 46.\tab Baillargeon J, Polychronopoulou E, Kuo YF, Raji MA. The Impact of Substance Use Disorder on COVID-19 Outcomes. }{\f1\fs22\i Psychiatr Serv}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 72}{\f1\fs22 (5): 578-81.\par }
{\f1\fs22 47.\tab Bhargava A, Sharma M, Riederer K, Fukushima EA, Szpunar SM, Saravolatz L. Risk Factors for In-hospital Mortality from Coronavirus Disease 2019 Infection Among Black Patients-An Urban Center Experience. }{\f1\fs22\i Clin Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 73}{\f1\fs22 (11): e4005-e11.\par }
{\f1\fs22 48.\tab Galang RR, Newton SM, Woodworth KR, et al. Risk Factors for Illness Severity Among Pregnant Women With Confirmed Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 Infection-Surveillance for Emerging Threats to Mothers and Babies Network, 22 State, Local, and Territorial Health Departments, 29 March 2020-5 March 2021. }{\f1\fs22\i Clin Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 73}{\f1\fs22 (Suppl 1): S17-s23.\par }
{\f1\fs22 49.\tab Gregory JM, Slaughter JC, Duffus SH, et al. COVID-19 Severity Is Tripled in the Diabetes Community: A Prospective Analysis of the Pandemic's Impact in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. }{\f1\fs22\i Diabetes Care}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 44}{\f1\fs22 (2): 526-32.\par }
{\f1\fs22 50.\tab Kim L, Garg S, O'Halloran A, et al. Risk Factors for Intensive Care Unit Admission and In-hospital Mortality Among Hospitalized Adults Identified through the US Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)-Associated Hospitalization Surveillance Network (COVID-NET). }{\f1\fs22\i Clin Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 72}{\f1\fs22 (9): e206-e14.\par }
{\f1\fs22 51.\tab Ko JY, Danielson ML, Town M, et al. Risk Factors for Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)-Associated Hospitalization: COVID-19-Associated Hospitalization Surveillance Network and Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. }{\f1\fs22\i Clin Infect Dis}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 72}{\f1\fs22 (11): e695-e703.\par }
{\f1\fs22 52.\tab Kompaniyets L, Pennington AF, Goodman AB, et al. Underlying Medical Conditions and Severe Illness Among 540,667 Adults Hospitalized With COVID-19, March 2020-March 2021. }{\f1\fs22\i Prev Chronic Dis}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 18}{\f1\fs22 : E66.\par }
{\f1\fs22 53.\tab Li J, He X, Yuan Y, et al. Meta-analysis investigating the relationship between clinical features, outcomes, and severity of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pneumonia. }{\f1\fs22\i Am J Infect Control}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 49}{\f1\fs22 (1): 82-9.\par }
{\f1\fs22 54.\tab Metz TD, Clifton RG, Hughes BL, et al. Disease Severity and Perinatal Outcomes of Pregnant Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). }{\f1\fs22\i Obstet Gynecol}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 137}{\f1\fs22 (4): 571-80.\par }
{\f1\fs22 55.\tab Pilgram L, Eberwein L, Wille K, et al. Clinical course and predictive risk factors for fatal outcome of SARS-CoV-2 infection in patients with chronic kidney disease. }{\f1\fs22\i Infection}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 49}{\f1\fs22 (4): 725-37.\par }
{\f1\fs22 56.\tab Yang J, Hu J, Zhu C. Obesity aggravates COVID-19: A systematic review and meta-analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i J Med Virol}{\f1\fs22  2021; }{\f1\fs22\b 93}{\f1\fs22 (1): 257-61.\par }}